docs: add note about vscode and self-hosted CPAPI (#456)
infracost/docs: docs/cloud_pricing_api/self_hosted.md

export INFRACOST_TLS_CA_CERT_FILE=/path/to/ca.crt
```

## Usage with VS Code extension

The [VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Infracost.infracost) uses the Infracost CLI underneath, so can use the [above commands](#usage-with-infracost-cli) to configure it to use your self-hosted Cloud Pricing API.

> If you don't have the CLI installed, you can update the global Infracost configuration file located at `~/.config/infracost/configuration.yml` as the VSCode extension uses that. The key/value pairs in the file are the same ones that are supported by `infracost configure set` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have the CLI installed, you can update the global Infracost configuration file located at `~/.config/infracost/configuration.yml` as the VS Code extension uses that. The key/value pairs in the file are the same ones that are supported by `infracost configure set` command.
```

  - Limit per pod: 1 core, 512MB of RAM
- Price update job:
  - Minimum: 50 millicores, 128MB of RAM

>   - Limit per pod: 200 millicore, 1024MB of RAM

Reviewer: Were we seeing issues with 640?

Author: nope, i reversed it.
